DOCSP-26447: use struct in write ops (#224)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/embedded-arrays.txt

Overview
--------

> In this guide, you can learn how to update array elements in a document
> or multiple documents.

Reviewer: Minor suggestion (feel free to take or leave this one) but "a document or multiple documents" feels too wordy to me, maybe something like:
```suggestion
In this guide, you can learn how to update array elements in one,
or multiple documents.
```

Author: decided to go with "one or more documents"

Sample Data
~~~~~~~~~~~

> The examples in this guide use the following ``Book`` struct as a model for documents
> in the ``books`` collection:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The examples in this guide use the following ``Drink`` struct as a model for documents
in the ``drinks`` collection:
```

Author: good catch!

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/CRUD/updateArray.go
   :start-after: start-drink-struct
   :end-before: end-drink-struct
   :language: go
   :dedent:

The ``truncate`` :ref:`struct tag<golang-struct-tags>` allows the driver
to truncate types such as ``float64`` to ``int32`` when unmarshalling.

To run the examples in this guide, load the sample data into the
``db.drinks`` collection with the following snippet:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/CRUD/updateArray.go
   :language: go
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin insertDocs
   :end-before: end insertDocs

Each document contains a description of a drink that

> includes the drink's description, available sizes (in ounces), and available

Reviewer: Suggestion: I would try to avoid parenthesis if possible

```suggestion
includes the drink's description, available ounce sizes, and available
```

or

```suggestion
includes the drink's description, available sizes in ounces, and available
```
